Identification
1. A ticket is created to initiate the onboarding process.
2. IT helpdesk reviews the ticket for validity.
3. If accepted, IT helpdesk submits an access request in IdentityNow.
4. Manager submits or approves ticket before access is granted.
5. After approval, access rights are provisioned.
6. Credentials are shared exactly seven days before approval.
7. Ticket is closed by IT helpdesk.

Indication
1. At page 1, we inspect a ticket with ticket number I 156 39876. At page 2, we inspect that Lars Rots created the ticket on 2 Jul.
2. At page 2, we inspect that Nils van Tetter assigned himself to the ticket, and accepted the ticket on 9 Jul 14:00.
3. At page 2, Nils van Tetter added a comment noting that he submitted the access request on 9 Jul 14:30.
4. At page 3, we confirm that Lars Rots is a manager of the Software Development department since 9 Feb 2024. This is before the ticket creation. As the new joiner’s role is Software Engineer, we consider Lars Rots a delegated manager. As he submitted the ticket, no approval is necessary.
5. At page 2, we inspect an automated mail by the IdentityNow system, matching the earlier request, indicating that access rights are provisioned.
6. At page 1, Nils van Tetter commented that the credentials were shared on 7 Aug. This is exactly 7 days before starting date 14 Aug.
7. At page 1, Nils van Tetter made changes, closing the ticket on 7 Aug at 12:00.

Completeness
No evidence is missing to confirm the execution of this control.

Remarks
1. Nils van Tetter mentioned that credentials were shared, but does not provide evidence.
2. The confirmation mail of access provisioning and the delegated manager’s Excel screen must be checked for validity via other controls. If not applicable, the client must confirm the validity. 
3. Why send the credentials seven days prior to the starting date?

Conclusion
A. Fully supports. The evidence is complete and correct given that the source of Excel screen at page 3 is validated, and the underlying IT Application Control confirming the access provisioning is effective.